At Audacity, we believe in learning by doing.
Our goal is to help you develop a portfolio of projects you
can use to show future employers and even friends and family.
In this video, we'll give a brief introduction to the projects
you'll complete over the next few months as you progress through the program.
This program helps you build the skills you need to create
your own unique web application that uses the blockchain.
This is a chance to solve a real world problem and create
an application that you can build to impact the world around you.
Along the way, you'll complete a series of
projects that build towards completing this application.
Here's a quick overview of these eight projects.
In the first project,
you'll create and manage your own Blockchain Identity.
You'll create a profile on the blockchain and start making transactions for yourself.
In Project 2, you'll build your own blockchain to store and manage data.
Project 3 is all about connecting
this blockchain to a web service that users can interact with.
You'll build a service using NodeJS
that allows you to work with blocks on your blockchain.
In Project 4, you'll create an Identity and Notary Service.
Here you'll learn to manage user profiles,
service and store digital documents,
and we'll begin exploring different blockchain service layers.
In Project 5, you'll start building
a decentralized application using the Ethereum platform.
Ethereum is currently the world's largest platform
for building decentralized applications.
Here you'll jump right in and learn Solidity, Ethereum's programming language.
In Projects 6, you'll dive deeper into
the lower level components of your notarization web service.
You will explore some of the lower level components of
the blockchain and implement more advanced features in your application.
In Project 7, you'll add more functionality to
your notarization service to solve the issue of supply chain management.
This will allow your app's users to track product owners from the time of
product is originally made until it reaches the shelves for potential customers.
Finally, at the end of this program,
you'll complete the Capstone project.
The Capstone project is the culmination of this nanodegree program.
It gives you an opportunity to demonstrate everything
you've learned and apply it to a real-world problem.
That wraps up the projects you'll be completing for this program.
After completing each of these projects,
you'll have built an in-depth understanding of blockchain technologies.
You'll also have a portfolio of projects to show
employers as you continue your journey as a blockchain developer.
So, welcome again to the blockchain developer nanodegree program.
We're extremely excited to have you here and can't wait to see what you build.